Made Kubernetes version advice generic across installation guides (#256)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/03_install/01_aws/01_install-aws-standard.md

As you follow the guide linked above, keep in mind:

> * Each version of Astronomer Enterprise has its own version requirements for Kubernetes. For more information on version compatibility, refer to the [Version Compatibility Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/version-compatibility-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The versions of Kubernetes that are compatible with the platform vary across versions of Astronomer Enterprise. For more information on version compatibility, refer to Astronomer's [Version Compatibility Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/version-compatibility-reference).
```

Reviewer: Suggestion on copy, but nbd - feel free to take or leave!

Author: Keeping most of the OG phrasing here, but like changing from "requirements" to "compatibility"

Author: Did a hybrid of your suggestion and the OG wording.

> * Each version of Astronomer Enterprise has its own Kubernetes version compatibility. For more information on version compatibility, refer to Astronomer's [Version Compatibility Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/version-compatibility-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each version of Astronomer Enterprise is compatible with a particular set of Kubernetes versions. For more information, refer to Astronomer's [Version Compatibility Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/version-compatibility-reference).
```

This sentence still sounded off/passive to me - WDYT about this?
